(upbeat music)
- [Instructor] So now it's time
for our first challenge video of the course.
And in this case,
you are going to add some additional repositories
to our project.
So here is your challenge.
First and foremost,
you are going to implement repositories
for our guests and reservation tables.
Be sure you create the entity objects
so that you can use them with those repository interfaces.
You can leverage the schema.sql file and src/main/resources
for the table data you will need for your entity objects.
And finally,
you need to make sure that on the reservation entity,
I want you to add a method to get the reservations
for a given date.
And I haven't showed you that.
So that's going to be something you're going to have
to go look at spring data.
But I'm going to give you a hint.
The name is all that really matters.
Making sure that the name matches is what you need to do.
Now in the next video,
I will show you my solution to this problem.